Update 03_sharing-your-app.md (#7552)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/01_getting-started/03_sharing-your-app.md

Users can revoke access to their profile at any time in their [settings](https://huggingface.co/settings/connected-applications).

As seen above, OAuth features are available only when your app runs in a Space. However, you often need to test your app

> locally before deploying it. To help with that, your machine must be logged in to HF to debug a Gradio app locally. Please run `huggingface-cli login` or set `HF_TOKEN` as environment variable with one of your access token. You can generate a new token in your settings page (https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens). This allows you to debug your app with your Huggingface account before deploying it to a Space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
locally before deploying it. To test OAuth features locally, your machine must be logged in to Hugging Face. Please run `huggingface-cli login` or set `HF_TOKEN` as environment variable with one of your access token. You can generate a new token in your settings page (https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens). Then, clicking on the `gr.LoginButton` will login your local Hugging Face profile, allowing you to debug your app with your Hugging Face account before deploying it to a Space.
```
